Richelle Direny: James the irritating part of the whole of the whole situation or the whole car.
Brock Simmons: Hello.
Richelle Direny: How are you
Brock Simmons: Good, how are you
Richelle Direny: I'm God. Did you check in for virtual counselor.
Brock Simmons: Did I why
Richelle Direny: Did you check in through virtual cancer or you just came straight to the
Brock Simmons: For some reason, I had no sound.
Brock Simmons: Are you hear me, I can you hear me.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, I can hear you now.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay. Did you I was asking you. Did you check into virtual counselor.
Brock Simmons: I've tried nobody picks up for me. I had an appointment earlier today at 1130 and
Brock Simmons: What Dr. Austin, I believe group.
Brock Simmons: And I couldn't get nobody to pick up and then I tried to counsel, Danny. Like you just said, and I can't get nobody to pick up their needs are so
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. Don't worry, I'm gonna let them know that you log in and I'm also going to let them know that you do, you said you tried to login so you didn't get to meet with Miss. Miss Austin today.
Brock Simmons: Oh no, actually they reschedule like every half hour, but every time me and my wife will try to get on it, but for some reason of what go through. So I'm not for sure what
Brock Simmons: The deal is. But, okay, hold on. They shouldn't see that I tried. Right. I mean, when they're in, they should be able to see
Brock Simmons: Me, trying to get into that room, right, or whatever it is meeting room.
Richelle Direny: Okay, hold on, let me let me let them know
Alright.
Brock Simmons: So I'm supposed to check in with her before I come to your meeting room. Is that how supposed to go.
Richelle Direny: Well, yes, it's because I will put in that you checked in. But typically, when you come to meet with whether it's myself, Miss Austin for group or group you check in with them so that they know that you came for your, your schedule a session.
Richelle Direny: And they put us checked in. I will check you in. Um, but I think they want to because like even like you see how I schedule your appointment with you.
Brock Simmons: Right.
Richelle Direny: I know that they told me that they want it to kind of, it's kind of like a doctor's office. You don't schedule direct you don't go straight to the doctor without checking in at the front.
Richelle Direny: Gotcha. Like right now. What you did was sneak past the front desk right into the therapist.
Brock Simmons: Gotcha. Okay. Yeah, but some reason they haven't picked up all day. So I'm not sure what's going on. Hopefully I have the right meeting ID number.
Richelle Direny: One for virtual counter
Brock Simmons: Yeah yeah
Brock Simmons: So you had texted me last week. See what happened was I was at another doctor's appointment for hepatitis and the lady CALL ME WANT ME TO DO A
Brock Simmons: Group with Mr. Austin right then and there, because somebody had called off, but I couldn't do it because I was at the doctor's office so they postponed it till today at 1130 so I'm not sure what's going on, but
Brock Simmons: I gotta get used to this whole thing and then we'll be okay. It's just different. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're I think you're the one that said like, this is the first time for you right
Richelle Direny: Right, yeah. Somebody else said this is like a first time. So they're getting used to live.
Brock Simmons: I love it because I get to stay at home, and it's convenient, but at the same time, it's kind of frustrating sometimes it's like, man.
Richelle Direny: You know if
Richelle Direny: you're ever having issues on I know sometimes like there's some, some of my patients if they're ever having issues. I'm like, getting to the provider or whatever the situation is to shoot me an email.
Richelle Direny: My emails I get throughout the day.
Brock Simmons: Of
Richelle Direny: The shoot me an email and I can kind of finagle my contacts with whoever it is actually
Brock Simmons: Sounds good.
Brock Simmons: How Was Your Week. Good.
Richelle Direny: Yes, I wish it was still we can
Brock Simmons: Be both
Richelle Direny: I think they should
Richelle Direny: They should change the American law, like a lot of those other countries where they get
Richelle Direny: I think they only have like four day week or four day work week or something like that.
Brock Simmons: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's get checked in. Let me pull up your
Richelle Direny: Mess.
Brock Simmons: Right.
Richelle Direny: But you've you're good on your medication and everything.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, good on the medication. I told you last week I got my blood work done so that that out of the way, as far as I know, chill. Miss Austin plies back to my message my maternal the 12th. So that was Wednesday. So
Richelle Direny: Okay. And do you you with Austin, did they tell you about groups on Thursdays.
Brock Simmons: I know you told me at the end of our session last week that they will be contacted me with that information.
Brock Simmons: I haven't heard any art.
Richelle Direny: So the groups are on Thursdays at 1pm so I we had our first group. Ah.
Richelle Direny: On Thursday, and I
Richelle Direny: Have to send the message out that I had
Richelle Direny: A scheduled. I already had like a previous engagement scheduled
Richelle Direny: For this Thursday, long before they started the groups and I forgot to let them know
Richelle Direny: That I won't be able to run the group this Thursday. So I might just go ahead and cancel it.
Richelle Direny: Because I'm not sure it was Austin will be there, but I'm going to put in that this Thursday group is going to, I was trying to find a way to see how I can say, neglect, but I don't think I can.
Richelle Direny: hold a conference on Thursday, so
Brock Simmons: Austin you every time there's group or just every Thursday.
Richelle Direny: Okay, dude. You say if Miss awesome and I will be doing group.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. On Thursday, it's just such
Richelle Direny: A precise. Those are the weekly groups that you meet with
Richelle Direny: Miss Austin and i. Now, there may be times because this is we're just starting to groups on Thursdays. I know she didn't she wasn't able to make it to the first group. So this group.
Richelle Direny: She I'm I have to get in contact with her, but I know this Thursday I won't be able for whoever attended I did let them know
Richelle Direny: That this this Thursday screw. I might cancel it. So I am going to send out a message. I'm going to look to see everybody who's listed for that group. And I'm going to send a message to let them know that will cancel this Thursday's
Richelle Direny: Okay, right.
Richelle Direny: And we'll pick back up next week at one o'clock.
All right.
Yep.
Richelle Direny: But then it's not for the groups for system specifically for the group's the same login room that you use to log in with me for individuals is will not be the same login so you would have to check in.
Richelle Direny: Through virtual counselor in order to to get the group ID, because the group ID for groups are always different.
Brock Simmons: Okay, do you have that meeting number by chance, just to double check and make sure I got the right one.
Richelle Direny: I sent them a message. So I'm waiting for them to respond.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: No, they didn't respond.
Richelle Direny: So, your wife, your, your wife and you tried to attend.
Richelle Direny: The meeting today.
Brock Simmons: Try to attend know she was just trying to help me out because she watched it tutorial on the zoom app thing when I first got it.
Brock Simmons: I was sleeping. Can I work those shifts, so I should have watched it myself. That way I would have been better prepared for it, but she was just trying to get me logged in with that.
Brock Simmons: Secretary part, but I had no luck. And then I had no luck it neither. It's like it would come on and then it would say, connect with
Brock Simmons: Internet or something like that. And I would just sit there with a blank black screen. So I'm not for sure what was going on, but they should be able to see that I tried to login several times.
Richelle Direny: No, she did say that
Richelle Direny: Maybe you had the wrong number.
Brock Simmons: That's what I'm saying. Yeah, I'd like to double check just to make sure, because I have Miss Austin's personal I have yours, which is this one that I'm using.
Brock Simmons: Uh huh, or awake.
Brock Simmons: Number.
Brock Simmons: 408486476 to. That's what I have for me.
Brock Simmons: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Michael, Michael by the is not far away.
Brock Simmons: Not yours, not yours.
Brock Simmons: What is it called devotional separate
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I'm waiting for them to let me know what it is. And then I
Brock Simmons: apologize about this, it's just
Richelle Direny: No, no, you're fine with me today you are here. When you're supposed to be. So you're
Brock Simmons: Alright cool deal
Richelle Direny: As long as I'm not sitting here waiting for someone to pop up on my screen.
Brock Simmons: Gotcha. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I have like a 15 minute rule after 15 minutes your session is cancelled, kind of like when you go to the doctor's office, you kind of have that 15 minute rule because what happens is that you cut into the next person session.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, no.
Brock Simmons: Are you
Brock Simmons: pretty busy throughout today. Do you have clients, back to back.
Richelle Direny: I know I do this in the evening.
Brock Simmons: Okay, good.
Richelle Direny: But I think, um, let's see, I have to look at my calendar, because I don't have
Richelle Direny: I think we have, I have you scheduled for what, what did I say every other week, or how did, how do we have scheduled
Brock Simmons: Every week, you want to meet once a week. An hour week
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, and you weren't today, right.
Yeah.
Brock Simmons: You only gave me today's date and time and you never did get me nuts enough to that just every week on that same day, every time that was
Richelle Direny: One time today's what Monday. What time do you
Richelle Direny: Go to your work during the day or
Brock Simmons: Two to 10 I don't know 10 to six. I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: To tense and the morning for six in the evening.
Brock Simmons: Yes. No. I work 10 at night till six in the morning. Sorry about that.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, so
Brock Simmons: Every other month I will work one of two such a shift to to 10 but that's we won't have to worry about that.
Brock Simmons: That's usually on a weekend, Saturday or Sunday, so
Richelle Direny: Maybe we could on Monday.
Richelle Direny: Next Monday. If you would like, if you're available, we can meet on here.
Brock Simmons: Yeah that's fine earlier is okay. Just like today, how it happened. I actually lost out on a little bit sleep. But other than that, I don't really mind.
Richelle Direny: The next Monday. The 17th with me or three o'clock.
Brock Simmons: Okay, one day three.
Brock Simmons: Either
Brock Simmons: Yeah. All I need is that number. Now, if they do respond back to me, though I should be good to go.
Brock Simmons: I'm not mistaken. I haven't tried Miss Austin's
Brock Simmons: Personal number two, but I had no luck.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I think.
Brock Simmons: So,
Brock Simmons: My. Another question is,
Brock Simmons: Your analysis. Now, when I first started when I first signed up, she was telling me about, I would have to take our them just random just come as you guys please, or do I have to go every so often to take a drug test.
Richelle Direny: And you know what I want to say, I don't think it's random. I don't believe random. I think they send it to you.
Do
Richelle Direny: That
Brock Simmons: I was just curious about that too. That way I'm just prepared for
Brock Simmons: My work schedule. That's all.
Richelle Direny: Do you do, do you do they send you a copy you doing and you send it in, or do you actually go
Brock Simmons: I'm not for sure that that's what really what I always ask
Richelle Direny: The first time.
Brock Simmons: What's that
Richelle Direny: Why did you do it the first time.
Brock Simmons: I believe is the labs.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, they will send you the instructions.
Richelle Direny: I have you for
Richelle Direny: The 17th. I have a pretty long.
Richelle Direny: For you worrying about right.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, I was just curious to how it works. When it was going to the friend of mine that referred me to you guys said that
Brock Simmons: They're random just whenever the doctor decides, and then I heard from her husband, it's
Brock Simmons: Like you said it, they'll mail you something in the mail.
Brock Simmons: So it's
Richelle Direny: Someone who's already in Barnhart referred you
Brock Simmons: Yeah Yeah buddy of mine referred me to you guys is just a pain in the butt. Want to the doctor's appointments twice a week. I mean, counseling and then work in, it's just, it's a lot so I never went. I was buying them off the street.
Brock Simmons: That neither
Richelle Direny: Yeah, to answer as to exactly how they do it.
Richelle Direny: I'd be lying to you. I want to say it was once a month, but I'm not
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I know
Richelle Direny: He talks about. Now you said you've never been in a program before right look
Richelle Direny: They just sent me the number is 408-486-4762
Brock Simmons: Yeah, that's the number I have. I'm not for sure what's going on.
Brock Simmons: Hopefully,
Brock Simmons: I don't have something in my settings messed up to where it's not going to, but
Brock Simmons: Because the last week, it went. And it was like a white screen and it said waiting for Brian OUR HOUSE WAS A was a well this today. It was just black and it had like a white figure like a head on it. And that was, it wasn't like the waiting room that I used to wait.
I don't know if that
Brock Simmons: But what was your question as I ever. I was never in any treatment.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you said you went for a month with the time you only one for a month of the top from heroin. Right.
Brock Simmons: Yes, heroin and cocaine. It was yeah hello one just one. I never worked for
Richelle Direny: And then you had used to go to weekly counseling.
Brock Simmons: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And that you did that for five for five months.
Brock Simmons: Well, yeah, five months at one time and then a year. The other time. A couple times I've been in treatment. Like I said, for
Brock Simmons: Quite a long time, often or do good and then I end up falling off.
Brock Simmons: Just here to Mansfield, Ohio. They want to do three days a week, three hours a day.
Brock Simmons: For 90 days and then two days a week.
Brock Simmons: Two hours a day, which I mean that's just a lot on top of work in and all my other appointments is like, wow.
Richelle Direny: And we have talked about, because I'm looking through and we did our initial because I know usually the first session we'll kind of pick apart as to
Richelle Direny: What would you like to work on, like, what is your goal. And then we start, you know, kind of, to develop your treatment plan and then we'll start working on what your desired goal is what you would like to work on, like, when it comes down to individual therapy.
Richelle Direny: And I think we i don't know if i i can't remember if we had spoke about it a little bit that
Richelle Direny: Your addiction to anything that matter whether it's heroin so box on it doesn't matter what it is helping, whatever it is, there's always, you know, underlining issue. There's, there's something in terms of
Richelle Direny: Whatever your stressors are what are whatever it is that
Richelle Direny: Triggers, whatever your triggers are so triggers could be for you maybe don't necessarily like confrontation.
Richelle Direny: And maybe you're you and your wife had a disagreement of some sort and that triggered something and you lost sense of control and no
Richelle Direny: Not really knowing how to cope with it and deal with it. And so how you handle that is you take a suppressing whatever it is that kind of calms you down, kind of, you know,
Richelle Direny: Something it and what triggered my thoughts just now is when I saw that the cigarettes. For some people, that it helps to calm them down from anxiety.
Richelle Direny: Anxiety.
Richelle Direny: Or stress or whether they are overwhelmed with that's one of the things I remember when I was younger, how you spell out. I'm not necessarily, not necessarily. I'm not a smoker, but I used to work with someone back. I mean,
Richelle Direny: every hour on the hour. She was going out to take a small
Richelle Direny: And I thought, okay, you know, every job gives you a legitimate 15 minutes what you know what I'm gonna do the invisible thing.
Richelle Direny: Right but but for her, you know, going out what each time I would take a break with her while she smoked, it's just getting understanding for her. The
Richelle Direny: The smoking was a relief from the stress of
Brock Simmons: The job yeah
Richelle Direny: The demand that they expected from you. On top of that, there were other stressors in her life. There were other overwhelming things that was going on in her life.
Richelle Direny: And the act of smoking was only to calm her down. Was it that I love cigarettes and it's so scrumptious. And it's yummy. And I know but the act of smoking. It's a it was a way for her to calm down and match to that same concept. It could be by anything. Anytime you know any
Brock Simmons: Lot of smokers that does apply, but a lot of smokers when they get nervous or something they want to fire up that's just
Brock Simmons: That's it.
Richelle Direny: That's it. That's what it is. So some, you know, one. What is it that I have an addictive personality, if such as the case, then I think everyone, to some degree, have some degree if we're going to follow that.
Richelle Direny: Thought process of, well, maybe I just have an addictive personality. Well then, I guess, all of us.
Brock Simmons: Have some
Richelle Direny: addictive personality, because all of us. If you're human. We have things that are overwhelming and that are stressors.
Richelle Direny: Just have a better
Brock Simmons: Chance
Richelle Direny: Of coping with the stressors. Others have maybe grown life has not gotten a hand or grasp on how to deal with certain stressors.
Richelle Direny: In the reason why they use
Richelle Direny: Other stimulants, or you know depressants, whatever it is.
Richelle Direny: Whatever their issues are
Brock Simmons: And so
Richelle Direny: What I like to do, especially in our first session is talk about
Richelle Direny: A deeper look at what is it that you would like to work on during your time in therapy.
Richelle Direny: What comes to mind for you. What are some
Richelle Direny: I want to say the word stronghold. But what are some things that you can think of that.
Richelle Direny: kind of brings you to the edge. I'm a real
Brock Simmons: Time attendance usually a death in the family or something like that is what
Brock Simmons: Causes relapse. I know the past two relapses that's what is caused it. So,
Brock Simmons: I don't know if you get that like cooking skills. I can work on my coping skills and learn how to accept things and acceptance is a big thing for me.
Brock Simmons: To accept things that I have no control over.
Brock Simmons: I don't know, it's just really tough for me.
Brock Simmons: Like set in my ways. My wife tells me I've set my own ways and
Brock Simmons: Uncomfortable. And it's just uncomfortable to be outside the box. So
Brock Simmons: Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: I heard you when you your name popped up. I was hearing. I think you
Brock Simmons: Had somebody call, of course, but
Brock Simmons: Yeah, it's acceptance is a big thing for me. I don't know if that's what you're getting at is that what she was wanting to know some things to work on.
Brock Simmons: Now,
Richelle Direny: When you think about so and death is something that's fruit for you the most.
Brock Simmons: Right.
Richelle Direny: When you look at
Richelle Direny: Acceptance is one thing that you would like to learning how to accept the things that you cannot control.
Right.
Richelle Direny: And what I think that's, that's one of the
Richelle Direny: The steps.
Richelle Direny: That one of the steps.
Brock Simmons: What are the, what
Richelle Direny: In that one of the facts or that's a part of the Serenity Prayer.
Richelle Direny: Not how
Brock Simmons: The Serenity Prayer, and I believe it is one of the steps as well. I think you're right on both of them.
Brock Simmons: I never was big into in a lot of that I never got into the steps, but I've heard them enough
Richelle Direny: I've heard him enough, but that is one of the something that is a part of the Serenity Prayer, but I think that's just
Richelle Direny: One of the rules of life. It's learning how to and we all have a very hard time and that's what you know kind of starts the downward spiral to one.
Richelle Direny: Bad decision after the other, overall, it's because we struggle with learning how to accept the things we can control.
Brock Simmons: no control over.
Richelle Direny: That is just, it's just naturally is very hard for us. So, but for you.
Richelle Direny: About
Richelle Direny: Whether it's
Richelle Direny: Looking at your own personal history.
Richelle Direny: What are some things that
Richelle Direny: You can say for you.
Richelle Direny: That is a true like what's a big trigger point for you outside of the loss of a loved one or friend or what have you.
Brock Simmons: Biggest trigger is old friends. I know I run into a lot of friends and it's just always been bad news.
Richelle Direny: What about draw you draw you back in kind of rules you back. And what about them. What do you identify event that kind of brings you back into their company.
Brock Simmons: How do I identify them.
Richelle Direny: Know what is it that you identify with that person. What can you identify with that person that kind of brings you back to that.
Negative
Brock Simmons: Um, it's just, I don't know.
Brock Simmons: I don't know really how to explain it. It's
Brock Simmons: Kind of like two minds work together and you know what I mean we just get together and we just talked about old times, and then
Brock Simmons: One thing leads to another and sure not and it might not that day. It might take a couple days. It might take a week. But eventually, the more I keep meeting with them, you know, eventually end up doing things that I'm not supposed to. So, hmm.
Brock Simmons: I don't know, it's
Brock Simmons: It's tough. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so
Richelle Direny: The one thing that you talked about is learning how to accept the things you cannot control what is something else that if you you could identify right now. The three top things
Brock Simmons: I
Richelle Direny: Want to work on.
Brock Simmons: It has to do with the acceptance part
Richelle Direny: No, just any. It doesn't have to do
Brock Simmons: Oh, you're talking about just like a small goals, pretty much.
Brock Simmons: Or just anything in general.
Anything.
Brock Simmons: To be honest, I've been taking Suboxone for a long time, I would like to taper off eventually. I don't know if that's one that you would consider it as the three but another is to start a better relationship with my son because he's actually
Brock Simmons: I don't want to say fact, but he's homosexual or whatever and that it's hard for me to accept that. So I would like to better my relationship with him instead of harping all the time and giving him a hard time and
Brock Simmons: It's definitely something I gotta learn to do was
Brock Simmons: Try to work on. That's really
Richelle Direny: Identifies with
Things, same sex, religion,
Brock Simmons: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: So for you, what particular
That
Richelle Direny: Is troubling for you because you got you. It's working on picking that part. Um, what about that is troubling for you.
Brock Simmons: Every all of it, really. I mean, I don't know, like, I don't know if it's because I wasn't raised like
Brock Simmons: It's just very disturbing. I just don't understand how that's my first born. So I, I just expect more out of him. I wanted a football player baseball player here I end up with
Brock Simmons: It's just
Richelle Direny: With a person who is not interested in anything that you're interested in.
Brock Simmons: No, not at all, no context for us, no nothing. He's very feminine. He's just
Brock Simmons: Just very disappointing to me. I just was never raised like that I was taught that you know girls or boys take girls and real estate boys and that's just how it is.
Brock Simmons: But it's sad because I have friends that okay and I will talk to them and be all right with them, but I turned around to him, and it's totally different. I'm not saying
Richelle Direny: You use the word there was a word that you use.
Brock Simmons: Right. No, yeah, my wife's thinking
Richelle Direny: What was the word that you know
Richelle Direny: There was a word that you use.
Richelle Direny: In how you describe what you were looking for. There was one particular word
Brock Simmons: Acceptance.
Richelle Direny: Not even your acceptance your expectations.
Brock Simmons: Or expectations. Right. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: This is your child you expected him to be an image that you created
Brock Simmons: In your mouth.
Richelle Direny: And when he did not because
Richelle Direny: Outside of the him identifying as homosexual that really wasn't that is one of the things that we struggle with.
Richelle Direny: But that's not the core of necessarily what you're struggling with because you're saying that you're accepting of
Richelle Direny: The lifestyle outside of your home because you have friends with everyone outside that identifies as being homosexual. But then when it comes to inside of your home as you would say the fruit of your line your offspring. Someone who directs beers your
Richelle Direny: Image your DNA, everything
Brock Simmons: Right.
You expected
Richelle Direny: Someone who will identify in what you identify with, because if he
Richelle Direny: If he didn't identify a homosexual, but he didn't want. He wasn't into sports. He wasn't into anything that you were into you would still have the same
Brock Simmons: Right. Yeah. And it's, it was really bad you know to go but it's actually, it's gotten a lot better. I've learned to deal with a lot
Brock Simmons: My wife and coach me along because I just, it's hard for me to understand that. I just don't. It's so acceptable nowadays, and then it's just, which I'm okay with it. But like I said, I just expect more from my side. I mean, I don't care what other people do. I don't really go
Brock Simmons: This is something that's really been eat.
Brock Simmons: Well, eat me up, I should say, my wife, except she's, she's been okay with it.
Brock Simmons: So,
Brock Simmons: She's okay with it. Yeah, yeah, they, they, known for a long time. They hit it for me for quite a long time. And I always kind of knew, but then I just, I never wanted to believe it. I was hoping to grow out of that phase. I thought it was just a phase, but
Brock Simmons: It's definitely not he's 17 about to be 18 so
Richelle Direny: How long has he identified with me.
Brock Simmons: What's that
Richelle Direny: How long have you identified with being homosexual.
Brock Simmons: Oh man, probably since you've been 1112 years old.
Brock Simmons: Really old
Richelle Direny: But you're just finding out about it recently.
Brock Simmons: Finally, the last four years.
Brock Simmons: So they hit it for me for about three, four years and then I've known about it for four years, but he lived with my mom and dad. My dad was alive. He lived with them for by some time he's only been back with living with me for the past two years.
Brock Simmons: It's been nasty relationship not nasty. I wouldn't say that is
Brock Simmons: We have misunderstandings a lot
Brock Simmons: To learn
Richelle Direny: Regardless,
Brock Simmons: Of what's
Richelle Direny: Left him regardless
Brock Simmons: Oh yeah, yeah, I love him. I do. I really do love you.
Brock Simmons: It's just, I don't know how to expose
Brock Simmons: You know, I just expected so much more. This is actually our birds.
Richelle Direny: Outside of the being a sports fan. What, what are some other things that you, what are some of the expectations that you
Brock Simmons: Know, just to graduate high school to go to college. That's another she's been really good and wants to go to cosmetology so he's into that right now. So what about
Richelle Direny: Are you are you not the biggest fan of human being.
Brock Simmons: I'm okay with it. I mean, he cuts my hair, I want to say they'll say me stuff like that. And this is something I wanted to talk about tonight. I just wanted to tell you about it and get it off my chest.
Brock Simmons: And hopefully in the future we can continue to talk about it. I have a bad time about it. I don't know, it's just
Brock Simmons: I'm just going to deal with it. I mean it is what it is. I can't change.
Brock Simmons: I don't want to seem fair the scene, but it's
Brock Simmons: That's just me thinking, oh,
Brock Simmons: You know,
Richelle Direny: It's funny, um,
Richelle Direny: So I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Necessarily what you are
Richelle Direny: Beliefs, particularly are
Richelle Direny: But I can give you. Someone a name and you can watch it on YouTube and maybe that can help. I would have to find the particular video that I watched
And it's more
Richelle Direny: How can I put it
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: The one, the one person who
Brock Simmons: Gave me
Richelle Direny: And it's something that we can work through
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: Definitely is a goal that you want to work through for you to learn how
Richelle Direny: Just to to love your son, and maybe
Richelle Direny: Come down to some degree with your expectations or what you have created in your mind of what you're looking for.
Richelle Direny: If that's how
Brock Simmons: And that's it's gotten a lot better since the things that he does and the things that he says it's just very sometimes I lose it immediately just
Brock Simmons: I just have to learn that he's gonna like boys and that's just, there's no way around it. I just
Brock Simmons: actually tried to tell him not to talk about them things around me and stuff like that because I sleep, most of the day. So, I mean, I'm only up for four hours in the evening before I go to work.
Brock Simmons: So just, you don't wait till I leave to talk to mom about all that stuff. I don't want to hear about, you know, being in love with such and such, or what have you guys got more
Brock Simmons: But it's getting better. I mean,
Brock Simmons: Hopefully, I do want to better my relationship because I don't want to get older and regret things. You know, I just have a feeling that's how I'm going to be, I'm going to get older. I'm only doing the things that I didn't be so hateful so need all the time.
Brock Simmons: I don't know. I'm only 35. I don't know. She didn't midlife crisis at 35 but I feel like I'm hitting
Richelle Direny: I don't think you're ready to go midlife crisis. I don't you think that maybe because now you're trying to
Richelle Direny: Kind of
Richelle Direny: Look at life in handle life without somewhat being UNDER THE INFLUENCE ON EVERYTHING IS KIND OF EVERYTHING IS LIKE YOU WILL with a ton of bricks and you're trying to process all of these feelings and thoughts and not really knowing what to do with it all.
Brock Simmons: That actually, it's what I was saying about coping skills.
Brock Simmons: You know, it's just been so long.
Brock Simmons: Skills that I definitely have fresh, because that's what happens. It's just everything comes and then I just don't know how to deal with them.
Brock Simmons: Instead of walking away or, you know, going in and listen to music for 20 minutes or something like that. I just snap on me. It just comes out. I'm very blunt
Brock Simmons: I am mature on a lot. I do know that it's 510 years ago. I've
Brock Simmons: been way worse. But definitely oh my tongue a lot more nowadays and
Brock Simmons: It's just so acceptable. I mean,
Brock Simmons: I don't know, what do you do
Brock Simmons: I don't know where
Richelle Direny: You work through it and I mean I get what you're saying is that for some people.
Richelle Direny: The world tells us
To accept many are you going to accept everything that tells you to accept.
Richelle Direny: Or are you going to conform to everything. The world has you to conform to
Richelle Direny: Know there's a part of you that says there is a summary right about this one.
Boy Yeah.
Brock Simmons: I don't want kids don't have morals and values and morals just
Richelle Direny: Why kids not don't have morals and values. But is it because
Richelle Direny: That as parents we never taught them how to
Brock Simmons: See, I wasn't into teaching so yeah exactly has a lot to do with the I was incarcerated a lot when he was younger. So
Brock Simmons: My mom and dad raised teams. So yeah, there was never distilled and so your
Richelle Direny: Dad have certain morals and values that they have upheld and taught him.
Brock Simmons: Well, they did with me and my sister, but there's like two grandkids come along and it was just totally I get this technology you have social media. I mean stuff has changed a lot since
Brock Simmons: So, I mean, hi, sis.
Brock Simmons: Totally different. But what was the video, you're going to leave the
Brock Simmons: YouTube video.
Richelle Direny: You to be like I become the YouTube follower type of thing.
Brock Simmons: I've been watching a lot of YouTube videos.
Richelle Direny: I don't know why you have checked out the regular TV. I'm watching when there's YouTube
Richelle Direny: Like, that's my new TV. That's my new TV YouTube. Um, but the people who I get to the video. The thing about
Richelle Direny: I think that this error in comparison to, you know, like you said back in the 70s at
Richelle Direny: Children today have a lot more time given them a whole lot more rights. There's so much free to say and do and think and act and you understand. So it's very hard.
Richelle Direny: This is the struggle, maybe you can tell me if you know I'm wrong on that. But the struggle as a parent is when you talk about instilling
Richelle Direny: morals and values your children.
Richelle Direny: You as a parent become the minority.
Richelle Direny: The outside world has become the majority, you know, the outside world seems to speak so much louder and give children so much rights.
Richelle Direny: And hey, you know, you could do this, you can do that. And so whatever little morals and values. You're trying to instill in them, you're fighting with what the outside world is kind of teaching them. So it's almost like the rug has been pulled from under you as a parent.
Brock Simmons: And so
Richelle Direny: You're fighting with how do I get my children to buy into what I'm telling them because I love and care for them more than the world does
Brock Simmons: And how
Richelle Direny: Do I contend with what a million people on the outside is telling them in comparison to one person.
Richelle Direny: And so for you. Maybe you struggle with.
Richelle Direny: Well, what do I do, I haven't been in his life.
Richelle Direny: For a majority of his life. So
Brock Simmons: Yeah, it's just
Brock Simmons: We're trying, we're going to get to a regardless, we are getting to it. Like I said, it's gotten a lot better. I just wish.
Brock Simmons: I could turn back the hands of time and just do things different. And then therefore amen because it has a lot to do with it. I mean, yeah, no father figure he didn't have somebody to teaching them things so
Brock Simmons: I'm going to accepting for me is, and that's just
Brock Simmons: how it's gonna be. I mean, I love him. This is
Brock Simmons: Just something I wanted to bring up to you about the whole acceptance thing is is kind of hit the nail right on the head, so
Brock Simmons: You do you have kids, if you don't mind me asking
Brock Simmons: Okay, yeah. So, you know. Yeah. So yeah, it's tough. I mean, it's like, wow.
Brock Simmons: And leaving them not social media is tearing this world apart. I don't, I don't care what anybody says, yeah, it's nice to be at the doctrines of men over phone. It is nice, but at the same time it's
Brock Simmons: Things is too convenient for people on set to tip your fingers on a big game, whatever you want. Now, it's like, wow.
Richelle Direny: I mean, the thing is with social media. Social media was never originally
Richelle Direny: intended purpose of what what it's used for now the
Richelle Direny: People's Voice got so loud that a lot of the barriers have been torn down from social media. So social media was really truly not meant the way or it wasn't
Richelle Direny: intended purpose wasn't
Brock Simmons: Right.
Richelle Direny: But so the name of the person. Her name is
Richelle Direny: Jackie.
Brock Simmons: Jackie say oh
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's a female Jackie.
Richelle Direny: Now it is the video. Now I'm gonna let you know if I'm going to tell you
Richelle Direny: Jackie Hill Perry. That's for me.
Brock Simmons: What is it again.
Richelle Direny: Jackie. Hello.
Richelle Direny: Perry er ROI.
Richelle Direny: And you know there is and I'm gonna there is one particular one where she's someone shares for her own story.
Richelle Direny: And what was interesting.
Richelle Direny: If a lot that she says is very interesting, actually, and kind of giving you
Richelle Direny: A different perspective.
Richelle Direny: On how to
Richelle Direny: Not so much acceptance as as much as she speaks as more of it is from a place of love.
Richelle Direny: But it is more. Now I am going to tell you it is more from a Christian perspective.
Brock Simmons: I love it.
Brock Simmons: It is more from a Christian perspective.
Richelle Direny: But it is
Richelle Direny: Just when you when you look her up on on YouTube, more look at her story where there is one where she gives her. I'm going to tell you which one I'm going to tell you that the title of the one where she gives her story. And it was quite interesting how
Richelle Direny: Was a lot more about how you just love the person and not condemned the person
Richelle Direny: She herself was homosexual and identified as being homosexual, for she identified as being homosexual sees. She said, as long as she did not herself at the age of four.
Richelle Direny: Now she's no longer she is married with children. Um, but it's just hearing her story and listening to how she shared the story from a Christian perspective.
Richelle Direny: And it was just really it was really truly interesting but when you have a spare time, you can listen to it. And, you know, and then we can talk about it.
Brock Simmons: Okay.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, I look it up at lunch break tonight I'll start watching it and we'll go from there. I watch it by the time next Monday. Yes.
Richelle Direny: I would definitely Hold on, let me see if I can find the one particular one that hey,
Brock Simmons: I was what ask you another question.
Brock Simmons: Could you figure out what time I got says appointment is for Miss Austin, or you could be
Brock Simmons: Okay.
Brock Simmons: I know it's Wednesday, but I just not sure that
Brock Simmons: You think with the zoom app that they would send appointments to that you think
Richelle Direny: That I don't think they send a message. I don't know that they sent the appointment I think how they do it is
Richelle Direny: You. You see how you and I are meeting now and I tell you when your next appointment is
Brock Simmons: Right.
Richelle Direny: I you just write it down on your calendar. But then I don't know that they send reminders.
Brock Simmons: Okay.
Richelle Direny: The particular one I wanted you that it's it's put her name.
Richelle Direny: Under progressive Chicago progressive church Chicago
Richelle Direny: And that that particular one, she really shares her story.
Brock Simmons: Progressive shift Chicago. Yes.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, look at the have started tonight at launch at break time I'll start at that
Richelle Direny: Time. If you could read. Can you read it.
Brock Simmons: No, it is too small.
Richelle Direny: Okay, it's called, it's called progressive Baptist Church Chicago and you put in her name, just put in her name, and you'll see it come up
Richelle Direny: She's African lady with Ruby long dreads.
Brock Simmons: Okay, I actually have my YouTube on right now so I could probably pull it up real quick.
Richelle Direny: You have an appointment with her on
Richelle Direny: I don't see. I don't see outside of today. I don't see anything else on her calendar.
Brock Simmons: Really
Brock Simmons: Wow.
Brock Simmons: I know it's to 12 I just don't know exactly when
Brock Simmons: Who would I contact for that.
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna. This is what I'll do, I'll find out for you and I'll send you a message.
Richelle Direny: Because right
Richelle Direny: I don't see anything on her calendar for you meeting with her. Are you said on the 12th of February. Yeah.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, because I'll be out of
Richelle Direny: Everywhere. So it's Wednesday.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, was 12
Brock Simmons: cities where I'll be out of medicine. Then I i haven't wrote down somewhere. I just don't know which book I wrote it down and I've been looking for it. I can't find it. So when
Richelle Direny: I don't know how. How far out the schedule. But right now I'm looking at her calendar and I don't see anything on her calendar at all.
Brock Simmons: Well, maybe I just have a refill. I don't know love check my pill bottle and see maybe she put refills on it to what I just go and get them refilled. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: I'll put I'll find out. I'll get the exact same time that they have you on scheduled
Richelle Direny: I'll let them know that you will need a refill by Wednesday.
Richelle Direny: If they do if they give me a date and time, I will send you a message to let you know.
Brock Simmons: All right, thank you. And I will watch that video and I'll get back with
Richelle Direny: And then we can talk about it, we can expand a little bit more on it on when you just get your thoughts what your thoughts are
Richelle Direny: your thought process around me.
Brock Simmons: All right. Um, let me know if you're going to cancel Monday to you send me a message about that too. If you are going to cancel.
Richelle Direny: Thursday. Thursday.
Brock Simmons: Thursday. I mean, yeah.
Richelle Direny: No, no. Thursday. I'm not doing group on Thursday.
Brock Simmons: Oh, you're not
Richelle Direny: This Thursday. This is pre Valentine's Day.
Brock Simmons: Okay.
Richelle Direny: This Thursday the 13th. No, I'm not.
Richelle Direny: But what you and I are going to meet at three o'clock on the 17th.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, okay.
Brock Simmons: I'll see you there.
Richelle Direny: But I'll send you a message with all that information. Okay.
Brock Simmons: Okay, thank you very much. I'll see you next week.
Richelle Direny: Okay, no problem.
Bye bye.
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: How do you pronounce your first name.
Letita W: Yes, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: Let's see a Williams. Right.
Letita W: That is correct.
Richelle Direny: All right, and see my name is Rochelle and I know you checked in a little bit early, so you're checking into do your bio psychosocial right
Letita W: I guess I'm just doing whatever they told me to do my help.
Richelle Direny: So I know, I know you're a little because they did send me an email. I'm about a week or so ago, and I know you, I guess you were a little bit confused. After you did your initial as to kind of why you had to still cutting go through with the program.
Letita W: Wow was good. They just come to go in and do it and get it done and be done with it. So that's what I'm doing. Okay. Okay.
Richelle Direny: And that on that there are weekly groups and they tell you whether or not you had to attend the weekly groups.
Letita W: They said they would you will let me know or how often I had to do on like a weekly group. So how long
Letita W: They said I will get that information from you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well, the groups, particularly, and are you going to be on Suboxone
Letita W: Was that
Richelle Direny: Are you taking any medication. DID YOU MEET WITH NATALIE at all.
Letita W: No, ma'am. No, ma'am. I just supposed to do this video chat be done.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I'll get on further information because
Richelle Direny: For the medical piece of it typically um you meet with a medical provider and then you meet with new therapist and fruit in terms of meeting with me, whether it's weekly every other week monthly every other month that's for therapy, but for
Richelle Direny: Groups is a little bit different groups is if you're under any type of medication management, then you will do that weekly
Richelle Direny: But again, that's based on the medical provider. They determine whether or not they feel is best for you to do to do a check in once a month, once a week, or if you're just doing this program just for therapy and all, but
That's
Letita W: That's what they informed me, Rochelle. Did I was just doing this for therapy. They said, I won't be on medication on have to go see a provider or nothing. I doodles.
Richelle Direny: Well, okay. All right, then. And so at the end of our session today, we will determine if we how often you would meet in if you know if it's once a month or once every other month
Richelle Direny: Then that we can have a set schedule for that if you want it for additional supporting you want to check in more often, then that will be up to you, but we will have what we set up at the end. Okay.
Letita W: Alright, cool. Alright, one more. Just give me one second. Sure.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: How did you hear about what before I go into how'd you hear about the program.
Richelle Direny: Just to go over just just housekeeping rules we just
Richelle Direny: Were the one each time that we meet, however.
Richelle Direny: Is that this is the platform in which we need, it's always going to be on video chat like this, um, you we just ask that each time that you have. If you're not able to meet for whatever
For me,
Letita W: If you could just send me an
Richelle Direny: Email or something. Just saying, hey, Rochelle I have to cancel our session. I won't be able to, because typically I'm like literally sitting here waiting for someone to pop up on my screen.
Richelle Direny: If you don't show up. I'm sitting here for a minute, waiting for someone to pop up on my screen. Um, so that's the first thing. Second thing is that you're always in Wi Fi.
Richelle Direny: Just ensure that you have Wi Fi because of everything is over Wi Fi our sessions for the most part are confidential. It is dictated so you know dictated just means that someone does the notes, but overall it's confidential and it is a recorded session.
Richelle Direny: And if you voice anything indicating that you are having thoughts of hurting yourself or anyone else then at that point you know confidentially kind of moseys on out the door.
Richelle Direny: Um, but outside of that, you know, that's pretty much kind of how I do and we all and I always ask
Richelle Direny: And I think the rule for bright heart is that if you are not in a room where it offers some type of privacy, especially if it is a group setting or what have you. We always ask them to wear a headset.
Richelle Direny: Because if anybody else is sharing anything but if we're just meeting for individual then you know it's your information you're sharing
Letita W: Away. Cool.
Right.
Letita W: Right.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right, then. So our time together is just me asking questions, just kind of gathering information. And that's really our session for today. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Cool. Um, how did you hear about Bret Hart.
Letita W: Um, the my probation officer.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and so they told you about very hard is it that you were a court order to do it or they just referred you that if you. What was the recommendation through your probation officer.
Letita W: I think it was court order that I just, you know, do the sessions. I'm not for sure date they wasn't clear on it. So I think it's just more or less what, what's your name, Joe AR AR AR Jan till
Richelle Direny: Aren't you
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Letita W: Oh, that's what you told me
Richelle Direny: And so your probation officer offered are recommended that you do individual therapy or you
Richelle Direny: What was particularly that the probation.
Letita W: He said he don't know much about this program. He said he don't know about this program. Just get in contact with y'all and go from there. He said he don't know none about this.
Letita W: Right, that's what he
Letita W: Said, I would just get in contact with y'all go from there.
Richelle Direny: You don't even know what you're jumping
Letita W: Right, I sure don't. They said I had to do it. So I'm doing it, ma'am. I don't know what I'm doing.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Letita W: Just want to get it done.
Richelle Direny: A lot of people do it because of the convenience of it.
Richelle Direny: Because you're not driving anywhere, you're logging in on your put your phone or on computer for 45 minutes to an hour and literally a lot of people do it because of the convenience.
Of it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, um. Now, have you had any history just. This is just the history and physical part of it. Have you had any history of substance abuse.
Letita W: No, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: No Substance abuse, alcohol abuse no history.
Letita W: No man.
Richelle Direny: You've never so with no history. You've never been in any type of program of any kind.
No man.
Letita W: No man, okay. That's okay.
Richelle Direny: I'm sure the probation officer had to have had a little inkling of an
Richelle Direny: Idea that the program was had some substance ration connection to it.
Letita W: Now, I mean, I had a prior oh VI before this, you know, but I didn't have no programs or no treatment for it or not like that.
Richelle Direny: You said a prayer one
Letita W: Or bi or bi. That's why I'm going to do this because I had an OB on. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now how long ago was this
Letita W: I got this back in probably maybe august, september august of
Letita W: 2019. Yes, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so they're suggesting that you do this program.
Correct.
Richelle Direny: Okay, now with your OB I you did not
Richelle Direny: That was your first time ever having any kind of encounter or anything like that.
Letita W: No, I had OB I prior to this one.
Letita W: Or
Letita W: This one, okay. Correct.
Richelle Direny: Correct. Now with that you've never done any type of treatment program or anything like that.
Letita W: No man hell.
Richelle Direny: When you said a prior OB I
Richelle Direny: Between the prior and the current. What was the
Richelle Direny: The timeframe in between.
Letita W: Probably about a year.
Letita W: A year.
Richelle Direny: Now, what was the price was it. Now you say, it will be. I was the opiates right now was it for was it. What was it like
Richelle Direny: Was it like for pain. Like, what were you
Letita W: Was record on how to add a cooler, just like I had this one. I didn't
Letita W: They said they smelled alcohol only. So, by law, they gotta you know
Letita W: By law they can write you up for OB. I said, Cool. You know I denied it. I was drinking because I didn't have a drink that night, you know, saying, same with the prior, you know,
Letita W: I go lie about that. Yeah, I didn't have a Jordan debt night.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but you're saying that you never struggled with. Now when you say
Richelle Direny: alcohol intoxication.
Letita W: Yeah. Yes, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: Now you got me confused because I know that DUI.
Letita W: Right DUI. Oh, Vi VI VI yeah that. Yes, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: Now one of the OB I stand for.
Letita W: I don't know. I just know. Oh, Vi is a DUI they change it over the year so used to be, oh VI.
Richelle Direny: Me change it to do. Okay. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, now
Richelle Direny: Now with the alcohol is it that you've all do you drink for it's like social or, like, how often do you
Letita W: Ma'am. I probably drink about once a year, and the time I had that call. You know, I had been driving, you know, and I told him I drink once a year. So I mean this treatment was really unnecessary. But if we gotta do we gotta do you know that's what we've got to do.
Letita W: You know, so I just said Co. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now going down to the psych history. Do you have any history of mental illness or any diagnosis society, depression, anything like that.
Letita W: No man.
Richelle Direny: No family history.
No man.
Richelle Direny: Are you married widowed divorced
Single
Richelle Direny: Okay, do you have any children.
No man.
Richelle Direny: Are your parents still alive.
Letita W: My mother. He is my dad has passed.
Richelle Direny: And they have any history.
Letita W: No, ma'am, no substance abuse, mental illness. No, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Now, what about family history.
Letita W: No, ma'am.
Letita W: No.
Richelle Direny: Are you an only
Letita W: Have siblings and any kind of
Richelle Direny: History of mental illness or
Letita W: No, ma'am.
Letita W: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And when
Richelle Direny: You said how how long ago did your mom.
Letita W: My dad passed.
Letita W: My mom still living. My dad passed probably maybe three, four years ago. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Of natural causes.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now you said no children. Right.
Letita W: No, ma'am, no children. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now your most recent. This is your first incarceration.
Letita W: I never went to jail.
Richelle Direny: Also for this. You didn't you just only went to court for the the DUI that's
Richelle Direny: Correct. Okay. But first time being on probation for the DUI.
Letita W: No, I never want that I never went to jail for this or anything or or for the first one either.
Richelle Direny: No, no, I'm talking. I said, probation probation during, are you on probation. Now,
Letita W: Now I am for this one. Yes, ma'am.
Letita W: Because this is my second offense.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so this is the first time you're ever going and how long is your probation period.
Letita W: They said longest I get everything done. They'll let me off early. But if I don't get everything done before a year.
Richelle Direny: Now when when they say get everything done specifically
Letita W: Get this video get this video chat done get, um, I gotta do they ever give me 10 days in jail or my other option because I told him I wasn't willing to go to jail.
Letita W: Other option was house arrest. So I got to do a house arrest and which I can still go to work I tell them I work so they said they work with me so I can go to work or house arrest.
Letita W: And that's it.
Richelle Direny: And then I'll be done rest. No.
Letita W: No, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: I don't take place.
Letita W: Right.
Richelle Direny: Okay, now you coming and doing meeting with me. Um, once you've successfully met with me. You're saying that they would review it or you would have to complete the program and however it's set up before they will review your
Richelle Direny: The terms of your probation.
Letita W: Well they I just supposed to complete this program. I don't know. Because my probation officer to have much on this program. Either he didn't know he just said, get it done. You know, just complete the video chats and then be done with the program and then we'll move forward from there.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: Program isn't necessarily a ONE one. Program two month program. The program, the length of the program. It's
Richelle Direny: Really as long as
Richelle Direny: I want to say.
Richelle Direny: As long as you feel it's beneficial for you because you could be in this program for six months a year, two years, three years, five
Letita W: Years, it really
Richelle Direny: Is just up to you.
Letita W: I never thought it was beneficial. I said it was a waste of time. So I didn't know I was doing it, you know, but if they wanted to proceed with it, you know, which was up to RJ RJ
Letita W: RJ yeah yeah I said it wasn't gonna benefit me. No way. This is just a waste of my time, you know, but
Letita W: I mean, you know, so if you want this to be the last meeting you can say, hey, I have no more recommendations for, you know,
Letita W: Let her continue what her probation officer and get down whatever she got to get done. That will be cool with me. That will be the best because this doing this thing go get me know were just chatting on the damn know on the phone.
Letita W: I'm just being honest with you. May I don't
Letita W: Have a serious nail
Richelle Direny: Series with a big smile on your face.
Letita W: Tom, and I'll show you don't want to waste your time.
Richelle Direny: Away from my fun. It's not a waste of my time because the thing is
Richelle Direny: I hear what you're saying. You're saying that you have no history. What, substance abuse, you're saying that
Richelle Direny: YC here. But the thing is your, it seems like for a person who has, who drinks twice a year, and for the two times in a year that you've consumed alcohol you've received
Letita W: Because I got behind the wheel was bad choices, ma'am. I got behind the wheel. I wanted to drive home.
Letita W: That all bad choices on my head.
Letita W: You know,
Richelle Direny: And I get that, but here it is.
Richelle Direny: So in all of this.
Richelle Direny: I'm looking at it from the lens of okay well that's pretty harsh punishment to a whole year of probation and saying, going through a treatment program.
Richelle Direny: Right, so then it makes me from a clinical hey I'm therapist from a clinical perspective, or is there more to this. I mean, I know for you right now you're saying that this is just a waste of my time. Um,
But
Richelle Direny: You don't have to go through the treatment portion, but there is
Richelle Direny: A side of it.
Letita W: When I
Richelle Direny: Say reputed the clinical side of it, whether you check in once a month or once every other month, it can still benefit you in some way, because in those in those two times that you've done it for the year. You didn't just drink a wine cooler and just say, Okay, I'm done.
Richelle Direny: Here was one maybe after the other, where your judgment was impaired.
Richelle Direny: During this time,
Richelle Direny: And when your judgment. God, he was like, Okay, well you know what, I went to a party. I came home and I was drinking one too many. And I feel I having nobody drive me home was that the situation. What was, what was the events proceeding.
Richelle Direny: You drinking and getting behind the wheel so
Letita W: I just figured, you know, hey, I had, you know, only had about, you know, one, one and a half, you know, drinks. Hey, I'm gonna drive one home.
Letita W: You know, and that's what I did. I just drove one home. But now I know if I'm going to drink or whether if I drink in the future when I do drink, you know, either stay at home or be somewhere safe.
Letita W: You know where I don't have to drop
Off.
Richelle Direny: Now with
Richelle Direny: No family history of substance abuse, no family history of mental illness. Say you don't have any children. I'm yourself no history of mental illness, no history of substance abuse, know that. Is there any history of suicidal thoughts or homicidal thoughts.
Letita W: No, ma'am. I love myself dearly. There will never be no thought to that. Okay.
What
Richelle Direny: Else.
Letita W: Know, there were never been no thought to that I got a reason to hurt. Nobody else
Richelle Direny: Now, with no history whatsoever. What about family history of suicide or
Letita W: No man. Ain't none of my family never did suicide.
Richelle Direny: Now, with no history and you've never taken medications and
Letita W: No man, no man.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: The question then comes down to this.
Richelle Direny: You're saying no history of nothing.
No.
Richelle Direny: And you don't eat your opinion when you think about
Richelle Direny: Where you are right now. You do not feel like there is anything
Richelle Direny: Where you would benefit just from individual therapy at all.
Letita W: No man.
Letita W: Nope.
Richelle Direny: And so with your probation officer recommending
Richelle Direny: Program to do therapy.
Richelle Direny: I mean to recommend a program like this to say either you go to jail for 10 days beyond probation for a year or go on house arrest was it
Letita W: That that's what the judge recommended not my probation officer to Jill.
Richelle Direny: Good job.
Yeah.
Letita W: Because you got to do something. When you do a crime, you got to do some to, you know, pay for you gotta do something.
Letita W: But as being honest, what you gotta do something on a
Letita W: Walk scot free, you know,
Richelle Direny: I can't hear you, I hear you.
But
Richelle Direny: You have three choices in 10 days might seem like a lifetime but 10 days one whole year of being in the program.
Richelle Direny: And a program
Richelle Direny: Like this where you're like, ah, this doesn't benefit me. I only
Letita W: Write
Richelle Direny: Your I made a wrong.
Letita W: Decision to say
Richelle Direny: Way all of your options.
Richelle Direny: Why not
Richelle Direny: Why not, why not choose the 10 days and put it all behind you and move on with try
Letita W: And get on. No, no.
Letita W: No, no, you can't. You couldn't get I can either do the 10 days or the probation. You can't get out. They said I had to do the probation. I got to do that no matter what.
Letita W: So I can't get out and get probation.
Richelle Direny: Last month vacation.
Letita W: That was a mouse, the probation. Now what they gave me an option on was to do with or 10 days in jail or do the house arrest, so I could continue to go to work. So we'll lose my job.
Letita W: So I told the house around
Letita W: So I can continue to go to work and while there's my job.
Letita W: The program they did in court date never told me that I had to do this program. Once I got back to, you know, talking to. And this wasn't in my probation officer. I was just talking to one of the people that work in a probation department. She said, Well, I want you to take this assessment.
Letita W: Which was what bright heart. Cool. She said, depending on your answers.
Letita W: You know, they can call you back and see, you know, if they want you to do the program you can if they don't call you back, then you don't have to do it.
Letita W: So urging end up calling me back, you know, and based off my answers the answers that I gave you, you know, I'm figuring I shouldn't even have to do this, you know, but based off what she's saying.
Letita W: Is that well go ahead and do this. And, you know, and you're basically going to do this. And I'm like, for what this is pointless to me.
Letita W: So really, my court my Justin order this for me this treatment.
Letita W: This is what our Jane. This is what's going on for RJ what she wants me today.
Richelle Direny: This is not what RJ wants you to do because I did read that assessment.
Letita W: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Just like how you're answering. Now, everything was pretty much no one on the list.
Letita W: Only drive your no
Richelle Direny: Issues, what have you.
Letita W: Right.
Richelle Direny: Was that your smoker, um,
Letita W: Not smoke tobacco.
Richelle Direny: No cigarettes you smoke cigarettes.
Letita W: Yeah, smoke cigarettes, but that will make you need no therapy for no damn cigarettes.
Richelle Direny: I smoke. I said on the form only thing that was on there was that you smoke, drink.
Letita W: Twice. And you're right. That's the only thing that was
Richelle Direny: On the forum that listed. So one would suggest. Well, there's no real history of alcohol abuse.
Letita W: There's no right.
Richelle Direny: No history of mental illness. It doesn't mean that
Richelle Direny: It can be recommended for me. Well, there are still the probation, because of the he was
Letita W: Correct to we need to look
Into
Richelle Direny: The wise, like what was surrounding the wise, what was on that cause to the wise.
Letita W: I just told you, I made a bad decision at that on them days in
Letita W: The early days, you know, you see that too often, you know, I don't drink that often. So my tolerance is low.
Letita W: So I probably made a bad judgment got behind the wheel drove home and they end up pulling me over. And that's what i think you know i'm not i don't have no other detail to go into because that's what happened.
Letita W: That's all I can say.
Letita W: We all make mistakes. Now,
Richelle Direny: Okay, where are you born
Richelle Direny: Were you born and raised in Ohio.
Letita W: Yes, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: Well, the only thing that I can recommend and suggest because based on everything that you're saying with no history.
Richelle Direny: You know, I can just turn into the report just stating that for you.
Richelle Direny: Who you before I sent a book do you
Richelle Direny: In in everything. Do you think that you can benefit from counseling.
Letita W: No man.
Richelle Direny: Why, why do you say no, you can't benefit from counseling.
Letita W: I just don't because I'm not an alcoholic.
Letita W: You know, I don't agree on the regular
Richelle Direny: People who go to counseling are not alcoholic.
Letita W: Or not, they're not
Letita W: But I'm based off. I'm only going to listen to my opinion and God's. You know what I'm saying that's all the person I'm going to have faith in is, my lord.
Letita W: You know, these programs. It's just unnecessary for me. You know I'm saying, I'm very strong wield I know who I am, you know I'm saying if I knew I needed a treatment i would i baby please submit me into this. I need some help. You don't need to get myself together real talk.
Richelle Direny: So it sounds like
Richelle Direny: It is your
Richelle Direny: Understanding of what
Richelle Direny: Therapy or counseling, you
Letita W: Know I'm not trying to understand it or nothing like that man because I don't need it. I'm not trying to understand it or not. And I'm just doing it because they said do it. That's the only reason why I'm doing this is because they said do it otherwise I won't be doing it.
Letita W: I have no use for this.
Letita W: I'm trying, I'm out here getting my money making me a positive living my life for myself and, you know, moving on.
Letita W: If this would they, if this is what I gotta do to you know move on. That's what I'm gonna do, you know, but I'm not gonna let that hinder me at all. You know, but no. Do I think I need need this treatment. Like, is this going to benefit me me talking to you know
Letita W: Mm hmm.
Letita W: No, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: Okay then. So I will do the recommendation and
Richelle Direny: Then we met, and I will do the recommendation and they can turn it back into
Richelle Direny: The course. And then, you know, and we'll go from there.
Letita W: Okay, and what's your recommendation, sweetheart.
Letita W: I just, I'm like, What's the recommendation. What's your recommendation, sweetheart.
Richelle Direny: What do you think your recommendation should be miss
Richelle Direny: Tia
Letita W: To see ya.
Richelle Direny: Good. See ya. What do you think your recommendation should be able to
Letita W: That I don't need this sale counseling therapy.
Richelle Direny: Actually write it exactly how you just said it.
Letita W: Don't put the customer, don't put the damn AND IT MAY KEEP IT professional, but I don't believe she needs this treatment.
Letita W: You know letter.
Richelle Direny: I will not put the customer.
Letita W: Make sure you put net or mobile with her life and get the rest of the things she needs to get done.
Letita W: Because they say once I do know house arrest program. Once I'm done, you know, be dealt with the law house the world's rest program did I've done. They'll let me off early before a year.
Letita W: You know, all I be doing this work in mail at home work homework home. That's all I did. Trying to get this money.
Richelle Direny: Or cosmetologist
Letita W: Well, I went to school for cosmetology nails. I didn't go to school for nails, but no ma'am, I walk into customer service field right now. And then I plan on one school for nursing
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Letita W: Yeah, so I'm trying to get everything to order to stay focused on my goals.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: And so you said that
Richelle Direny: If you
Richelle Direny: Complete the session in what you're doing right now.
Letita W: Yes, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: How long are you going to be on probation.
Letita W: They said, don't let me all after I do that house arrest in April. I'll be done with it. They'll let me
Richelle Direny: Throw up on house arrest.
Letita W: Well, no, I don't have to go on house arrest until April, because I have to pay for it. I have to pay for it.
Letita W: So,
Letita W: I think that's something, it does something else. Yes.
Letita W: Ma'am.
Letita W: Yes, yes. The keep my black but out of jail, they want me to pay for be on house arrest. Yes, ma'am.
Letita W: So you're
Richelle Direny: Not free
Letita W: I don't want to go to jail. So I said, I will pay for it. You don't have to go to jail.
Richelle Direny: I don't wish to pay to be locked up in your house.
Letita W: They said, it's about 200 and something for the 18 days I gotta do get
Richelle Direny: Dollars to pay for your own house arrest.
Letita W: Yes, ma'am.
Letita W: Yes, ma'am. And I was hoping that my finds is already like almost $1,000
Letita W: Toward got to pay for the thousand dollars, as well as the house arrest to stay out of jail, that's two more hundred I said more are they all about money.
Letita W: But you gotta do what you gotta do, you know,
Richelle Direny: So you're looking at a good 12 to 1300 dollars.
Letita W: Yes, ma'am. For this
Richelle Direny: I want to look for you now.
Letita W: No, ma'am.
Letita W: No, ma'am. I'm definitely not get behind that will and drinking the drive and I sell I learned my lesson and this is this is going, you know, that's a lot of money to pay out for one offense, just for drinking and get behind the wheel is a ton of money.
Letita W: But you live and you learn, you learn, you learn. I learned and I'm still with it, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: I'm still trying to understand and I hear you have respect to hey listen because you're right. I can't force someone to do therapy if they're not
Richelle Direny: If they don't want to, like, you will never even if I think that it may be beneficial if you don't think then right, it would really not be beneficial for you.
Richelle Direny: Or me you here because you want
Letita W: You
Richelle Direny: To be to be to make a change, you have to want to to that's
Letita W: Right.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I get. I get therapy is not something that is open, we
Richelle Direny: Welcome accepted. Appreciate it. A lot of people have
Richelle Direny: To me, limited understanding and I'm not saying that because I am a therapist but
Richelle Direny: I'm therapy is a gift from God.
Letita W: It was but
Richelle Direny: Then if you don't feel for you. That is something that is beneficial for you in any aspect of your life in any area of your life. Hey, then you know what i have to respect it. I can't infringe your for something on you that you don't feel is beneficial to you.
Yes, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: But my curiosity lies.
Richelle Direny: Here it is now.
Richelle Direny: You after your second DUI.
Letita W: That I realized
Letita W: That often, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but, you know, now you stop with paying $200 to be locked up in your house.
Letita W: Right.
Letita W: Tell me about it.
Letita W: I know, don't rub it in my hand up. Please don't rub it in. Right. I know, man.
Richelle Direny: So you understand. I'm saying
Richelle Direny: So maybe that was
Letita W: better decisions.
Letita W: Right.
Richelle Direny: Maybe there was divine intervention to say, All right, well, since you got away with it the first time.
Letita W: What did you go again.
Letita W: That's right.
Letita W: That's right. And I learned my lesson.
Letita W: I'm so I said, oh no, I can't do that. No more. This is costing me too much it's costing me it's costing me I'm not
Richelle Direny: Hopefully you drink water from here.
Letita W: Baby. Yes, or some Kool Aid.
Letita W: kool aid will do me just fine.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. Then while I will do the recommendations, you know, if you if you don't
Richelle Direny: It's to even make a plan to say let's meet once a month, once every other month
Richelle Direny: It's not
Richelle Direny: If you don't feel like if you if you feel it's a waste of your time.
Richelle Direny: Then it's a waste of your
Letita W: Time. So what do I do from here if I don't hear back from you did. I'm done.
Letita W: Or you want
Letita W: A dog for me or
Richelle Direny: I will send in the recommendation and will update RJ and the rest of the team. And then we can go from there. Okay.
Letita W: Okay, cool. So from here, we're pretty much done until someone calls me
Richelle Direny: We're going to put it on hold.
Letita W: Well, well. Oh, because now I don't want to be held up now and then, you know, come on. Let
Richelle Direny: Me. How about
Richelle Direny: The to either way, either way you hold up your phone right now. You're not going anywhere. You are no matter what you do you're doing going on. Let's be real.
Richelle Direny: Me, I'm gonna be ruined you. You're not going
Letita W: Like right
Richelle Direny: I sent in the recommendation, you can go on what without telling the PO
Correct.
Richelle Direny: So I would send in I will speak to the team, send them the recommendation, honestly.
Letita W: Say,
Letita W: I don't need you.
Letita W: Don't need to do the program is that
Richelle Direny: OK with you. I'm not going to stay
Richelle Direny: At the end of the day, it's still. This is your choice.
Richelle Direny: Right, you're not necessarily the order. This is option so
Richelle Direny: If you feel after this that you know want it ain't gonna hurt me to check in. Once a month just to, you know, whatever. Cuz I'm locked up in this house. Anyway, I can't go nowhere.
Letita W: Or do a hold on. Right.
Richelle Direny: Well, get on this phone and talk to him for like 45 minutes
Richelle Direny: And be running. It's all up to you but my recommendation is that moving forward to work on something that you don't feel are at you're not at that place where you feel it's beneficial to you.
Letita W: Correct, yes.
Richelle Direny: Life is pretty much
Richelle Direny: Strike gold and as it is.
Letita W: Thank you, ma'am, yes ma'am. And that's the truth.
Richelle Direny: But your life is golden. But hey,
Letita W: Right, right. Thank you, man. And that's the truth. You know, if I if I felt that I really needed this
Letita W: Out. Listen, I'm not honest to be like just, you know, could you help me out. You know, I need some treatment. I feel like I'm going down the wrong path. I need treatment. I'm that honest with myself, you know I'm saying, but
Letita W: I don't need this you know I'm saying I'm being honest to god truthful.
Letita W: If I felt like I needed this I'll say, ma'am, I will be on here telling you all my problems that I got, man, this is going on. This is going on. This is going on. I'm being honest, you don't. I'm saying, ma'am. I mean, I, I appreciate your, your time and your, you know, your comfort and order.
Richelle Direny: Are you part of any, um,
Richelle Direny: Are you a part of any organization.
Letita W: No, ma'am. No, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: You only go to church.
Letita W: Oh, I like that outside. Yes, ma'am. I go to church. Yes, ma'am. Yes.
Letita W: Oh yes ma'am, yes, I go to church, ma'am, yes ma'am.
Letita W: Oh happened even my god strong
Richelle Direny: And God is telling you to be mindful.
Letita W: Correct. Got it. Correct. God is telling me you are doing good to keep on moving forward. Keep on moving for
Letita W: Yeah, that's what he told me keep stay focused and clear.
Richelle Direny: When he told you that
Letita W: That's what he puts in my soul. That's what he put in my spirit man.
Letita W: The move forward and stay focused and keep shining the light and stay positive about life and move on. That's what he told me to do.
Letita W: And be positive to anybody that you can. Don't worry about how a person treat you, but you treat them good kindness score far away.
Letita W: And that's, that's what he told me
Letita W: That's, that's what my heart is Bill. Okay.
Letita W: All right, lucky man.
Richelle Direny: Okay, no problem. I'll send it in. I'll send everything in our Jane will get back to you or
Richelle Direny: I think it's someone else that does the court reports, I'll send everything to them. And, you know, I'm not going to schedule an appointment with you. I'm not going to set you typically
Richelle Direny: It would say I would set up a follow up appointment. But at this point, I don't see the need to, and we'll go from there.
Letita W: Sounds good, man. Thank you so much. I really appreciate you and you make sure you stay blessed
Letita W: And just move forward. I know you like he's too serious. I'm serious, man. MOVE FORWARD DON'T LET NOBODY bring you down, you move forward and moving the faith of the Lord and he gets you to
Letita W: A may
Letita W: Go right we finish.
Letita W: You have a good one.
Letita W: Good one. Bambi bless
Richelle Direny: You too.
Bye.
zachariah Giffin: Cameras turned around.
Richelle Direny: How's everything
zachariah Giffin: going good.
zachariah Giffin: Um,
Richelle Direny: It seems like that's gone on in the last
zachariah Giffin: Um, well, um,
zachariah Giffin: I was back in the hospital, from where I was hearing things. And, uh, I was there for a while. This time for like almost 15 days and
zachariah Giffin: They started me on the invega injection and since I've had. I haven't heard anything or nothing. So that's working. Well, besides
zachariah Giffin: A must sleeping very good at night, since I got the injection
zachariah Giffin: So that's the only like big thing.
Richelle Direny: You said that you had. You haven't been sleeping good at night, since you've gotten the injection
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, like my I used to be on the transition. And after I got injection for like four nights I couldn't sleep today change that to something else which didn't work. And then the next night did canes. Did the Ambien and that's why I got it now, but that's not working.
zachariah Giffin: But I see my psychiatrist on the 13th someone to talk to them about it, but I didn't have them problems like diet with like my sleeping medicine, not working until I got that in Vegas shot.
zachariah Giffin: And I get it once a month.
Richelle Direny: You're in Vegas shot.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah. So now I'm going to take like the Zyprexa no more.
zachariah Giffin: I just get that shot once a month.
Richelle Direny: Oh ok ok ok so you just get an injection once a month. Okay.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So what else has been going on.
zachariah Giffin: Um, the people I stay where they said that my moods, change the law, like I seen more calmer and stuff since I got the shot.
zachariah Giffin: Like I don't
zachariah Giffin: The only thing I like is as sometimes it's hard to sit still.
zachariah Giffin: Like, I want to get up and paste the floor something because I don't want to sit still.
zachariah Giffin: So they don't like about it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
zachariah Giffin: What else are
zachariah Giffin: You still living in the same
House.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, I tried to get into the tenancy house talking
zachariah Giffin: That's the homeless shoulder and go from there to the group home but they denied me after talking to you guys. They said that they want that you guys think I should stay in my same network providers, I guess.
Richelle Direny: Who denied you
zachariah Giffin: Have the tendency house.
zachariah Giffin: The shoulder
Richelle Direny: When do they speak to who did a speech.
zachariah Giffin: I honor this photo. I just know I signed a release of information form with them and they got ahold of you guys and I don't know who they talk to
Richelle Direny: Oh, please.
zachariah Giffin: Don't make
zachariah Giffin: It don't make sense to me because it doesn't matter where I live. I can still do bright heart health.
zachariah Giffin: I don't know why that matters.
Richelle Direny: When did they speak to someone from Breitbart
zachariah Giffin: Um,
zachariah Giffin: I would say
zachariah Giffin: Not this past Friday, but the Friday before
Richelle Direny: That during the 31st, the end of January.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
zachariah Giffin: It was around there.
Richelle Direny: And the recommended and based on whatever the recommendations weren't backstage determine
Richelle Direny: That they were not quite so with the Timothy house. They have their own providers.
zachariah Giffin: No, I'm
zachariah Giffin: I am
zachariah Giffin: The is said
zachariah Giffin: They wanted me to say with my own network of providers, but I don't think they're just talking about with you guys, but
zachariah Giffin: You guys are the only people they talk to and I don't know if they said that meaning like my site doctor and other things because they have they been told me at the Timothy house. They have a Suboxone clinic down there.
zachariah Giffin: Now, Timothy house but down in Athens.
zachariah Giffin: So I don't know.
Richelle Direny: You appear to be a little calm.
Richelle Direny: Are you hearing the
Richelle Direny: Voice in
zachariah Giffin: The sense. I've gotten the shot. I haven't heard anything
Richelle Direny: Okay. And are you able to get out more and have meaningful conversations with people about feeling
zachariah Giffin: I I've been getting a lot lately, but not hanging out with people are not like dying, but going places just about every day. We're going to tail.
zachariah Giffin: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So how is the relationship with the people you live with a little bit better. These still somewhat isolated to your room.
zachariah Giffin: Today it's gotten better.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, I'm still my room. Most of the time, but I think it's gotten better.
Richelle Direny: What do you notice it's different.
zachariah Giffin: Uh, they're not really arguing and something like that.
zachariah Giffin: And they're not like Hilda me about this, don't do this, don't do that or anything, probably because I'm not going anywhere drawn anything that might be it.
Richelle Direny: You are signed up for school, right, or you're you're
Richelle Direny: You're not registered
zachariah Giffin: I have to Taipei. Was it called a
zachariah Giffin: Shoe
It's
zachariah Giffin: It's a something. It's a letter. I'm trying to think the name of it.
zachariah Giffin: I forget the name of it.
zachariah Giffin: I'm supposed to type a letter to the admissions um about why I wanted to come back and stuff.
zachariah Giffin: When I'm ready.
zachariah Giffin: They wanted me to I got diet.
zachariah Giffin: That was if I was going to start in February. This one, but I was holding off.
zachariah Giffin: But I'm not doing anything else. So I was thinking about either starting back next month or the month after
Richelle Direny: You say you're thinking about starting next month.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
zachariah Giffin: Next month or the month after that depends on how soon I get to let her typed up and send until
zachariah Giffin: There's nothing stopping me from doing it now I'm
zachariah Giffin: I've been thinking about other things like um I've been saving up money to get a car and thinking about getting a job.
zachariah Giffin: And
zachariah Giffin: I still have time to do the online schooling, especially since the trip flexible.
zachariah Giffin: Work at your own pace, almost
Richelle Direny: When you think about what was the, what were you studying in school.
zachariah Giffin: Science of business.
Richelle Direny: And how far have you mean it now.
zachariah Giffin: I am I associates.
Richelle Direny: Your associates degree.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
Oh,
zachariah Giffin: Do you know what them bugs are called stink bug.
zachariah Giffin: Have you ever heard of a bug colored stink bug.
You know,
zachariah Giffin: Let me show you it
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
zachariah Giffin: They're everywhere.
Richelle Direny: Everywhere in the world.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
zachariah Giffin: I mean they're not like that's the only one I see around me anywhere, but it seems like they're everywhere.
Richelle Direny: Wow. He said, They smell.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, they have this real bad odor.
Richelle Direny: So I'm to kill it.
zachariah Giffin: Because if I do have my hand in my hands, want to smell like that.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
zachariah Giffin: If I
zachariah Giffin: Usually when I see one I'll flick it
zachariah Giffin: It's not her me really
zachariah Giffin: Oh, one killer.
zachariah Giffin: Hmm.
Richelle Direny: That is not hurting you really
zachariah Giffin: No, it's not hurting me.
zachariah Giffin: And I kind of don't want to kill it.
zachariah Giffin: I was a little tiny bug. I wouldn't want some big giants Misha me
Richelle Direny: smashing it
Richelle Direny: Okay, so when is your next appointment with your psychic YOU WHEN DID YOU SEE THE psychiatry.
zachariah Giffin: I see him on the 13th.
zachariah Giffin: No, I see him the 13th that's Thursday.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, this week.
Okay.
zachariah Giffin: Our last time talking was around the 12th of last month.
Richelle Direny: No, it was the end of the month. It was 28th, I think.
Richelle Direny: So when did you go into the hospital.
zachariah Giffin: Around the 12th.
Richelle Direny: for like a day or two after we met.
zachariah Giffin: I'm not sure I i think it was
zachariah Giffin: I think I was supposed to meet with you the day went to the hospital or the next day. So I think as a week after we talked
Richelle Direny: You know, we met actually looks like. We met on
Richelle Direny: When did you get out of the hospital.
zachariah Giffin: I'm
zachariah Giffin: Me see
zachariah Giffin: I want to say to 26
zachariah Giffin: Or 27
Richelle Direny: Okay. So walk me through. I just wanted to get a better understanding because I know the last time we met. I think we had talked about
Richelle Direny: I expressed my concerns about the repeated admissions to the hospital. So want me for what occurred after we met that triggered and you going to get. And he was a voluntary admission.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah. And as it was collides cab. HERON WAS LIKE voices and like
zachariah Giffin: Right outside my house and there wasn't really no one there, but I can still hear no Micah and get it to stop or, you know, just when and
zachariah Giffin: I started doing stupid stuff like taking my phone trying to take pictures and stuff. And then what really makes me look crazy trying to prove make myself or someone else to believe that I'm not crazy that it's not in my head, but it was in my head.
zachariah Giffin: But
zachariah Giffin: I just went and saw
Richelle Direny: He said it just
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
zachariah Giffin: It just once thought was driving me crazy. The more hurted, the more crazier drove me
Richelle Direny: And what were the voices same
zachariah Giffin: There, tell me that like the people saying that the people I did with a gun shy and stuff and really not that happened to film.
zachariah Giffin: Like
zachariah Giffin: And
zachariah Giffin: What else
zachariah Giffin: Um,
zachariah Giffin: I really, I can't really remember what all I was hearing
zachariah Giffin: And that was one of them, though.
zachariah Giffin: And
zachariah Giffin: Sometimes it would it would be low, like where you couldn't make out the words, it's something like West verse
zachariah Giffin: Yeah. One of the things I remember him saying was that
zachariah Giffin: The people I stay with
zachariah Giffin: The they were dead, and they really wasn't. I don't, I don't know why here why here heard or nothing.
zachariah Giffin: Kind of
zachariah Giffin: If it is if it all was in my head. Why would I hear them things like that her say
zachariah Giffin: Like no, a kind of
zachariah Giffin: Okay, but it
zachariah Giffin: This word baffles me to
zachariah Giffin: Understand why I hear I heard that.
zachariah Giffin: You know, I mean like me thinking if I was a normal like a normal person thinking, uh, that someone craziest here and then things because they're crazy person is going to do something to them.
zachariah Giffin: You know, I mean,
zachariah Giffin: But I wouldn't never but I would never do that. So I understand why I heard what I heard.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: You're awesome. You are having auditory and visual visual hallucinations.
zachariah Giffin: No, I never seen anything
zachariah Giffin: I was just slow him with my phone like my camera on my phone in case I did see something where I can take a picture of it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so
zachariah Giffin: I didn't. I never seen anything
Richelle Direny: Now when you said that you will have trouble sleeping, how long have, like, how many hours right
zachariah Giffin: Um,
zachariah Giffin: I feel like I Hurley getting sleep at night. Now, like I'm up and down all night long.
Richelle Direny: My prior to the hospitalization. Are you getting any sleep.
zachariah Giffin: Prior to that, I was sleeping. Good.
Richelle Direny: You were sleeping. Fine.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And so because of the amount the voices were giving you a break, you were hearing it all the time.
zachariah Giffin: I'm not 24 seven but I was hitting a lot
zachariah Giffin: It wasn't like a constant someone talking constantly 20 like all day long.
zachariah Giffin: It would be like on and off.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and that's so that became scary for you or you went to the hospital.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And how long were you in the hospital for
zachariah Giffin: 15 days.
Yes.
zachariah Giffin: Yes, as long as I've ever been in there.
zachariah Giffin: I think is because at first when I went in, they started me on rest of it all and I was on it for like four days and then they give me them Vegas shot and a week later, I'd have the shot again.
zachariah Giffin: So I got the shot twice was in there and
zachariah Giffin: Now I get the shot once a month.
zachariah Giffin: But that's why I think I was in there so long because they wanted to monitor me on the new medicine.
Richelle Direny: They wanted to monitor your new medicine.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, they see my act like my
zachariah Giffin: reaction to it.
Richelle Direny: So far, so good. Right.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
zachariah Giffin: Everything's good. Besides,
zachariah Giffin: The not being able to sleep good at night.
Richelle Direny: And what do you, what do you do during the now that you've been home. What are some things you've been doing
zachariah Giffin: I'm
zachariah Giffin: Basically nothing
zachariah Giffin: I mean,
zachariah Giffin: I do my daily chores and stuff like that. Then if they need help with anything. I helped them other than I
zachariah Giffin: Haven't been doing anything.
Richelle Direny: They're just pretty much home right the name
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, I haven't been going nowhere of
zachariah Giffin: Lay down like been helping doing do carpet and stuff in the house bought a new carpet did that.
zachariah Giffin: Martin TV.
zachariah Giffin: Playing games, um,
zachariah Giffin: Haven't been done too much right away and bought some more color and pencils and coloring books.
zachariah Giffin: Excuse me.
Richelle Direny: Well, that helps you think he
Yes.
zachariah Giffin: The coloring really helps me literally relaxing.
zachariah Giffin: I didn't do adult coloring books.
zachariah Giffin: Like I was on a little detail on it.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay. Have you seen your brother or your any of your links, let me
zachariah Giffin: Know,
zachariah Giffin: I'll probably go see him. Maybe this weekend when he's off work.
Richelle Direny: That you're going to see him and why sophomore
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, probably.
zachariah Giffin: He'll be off, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. So, oh Prager budget. I'm done.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now what are some that triggers leading see you, your admission.
zachariah Giffin: There was this the voices. Besides, one time. There was one time when I relapsed and I did math that led me to it. One, but I told you guys about that when I relapse then done that.
Richelle Direny: And what's in here. Aren't you sick recently.
zachariah Giffin: We me said, oh yeah, I was like, I didn't have had the flu or a cold now. That was last week.
zachariah Giffin: I said, I said, for like a whole week straight
zachariah Giffin: Well, when I when I canceled with you.
zachariah Giffin: I called right bank and I asked them if I can cancel. I said, because I didn't want to be penalized or get in trouble for missing our session and the lady said you're everything's fine. She said she'll see you next Monday.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, as long as your
zachariah Giffin: Payment I let Dr. Jamison know about it till
Richelle Direny: Yeah, as long as you as long as you let me know that you're canceling my reschedule. That's fine. You won't be nice for
Richelle Direny: You won't get penalized.
Richelle Direny: What are some things I think that one of the things that will help you is to get involved.
Richelle Direny: In like an organization like a community organization to help to stimulate your mind. So you're not like home.
Richelle Direny: Because when you're home when you're home all day like that. Do you feel
Richelle Direny: You hear voices the voices more because it seems like the voices. You hear a lot more when you're home.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, but since I got in the shot heard anything but home assembly. The only place I was where I ever heard anything
zachariah Giffin: Um,
zachariah Giffin: I am planning on getting involved in something. Um, when I meet my case manager on when I go to see the doctor on 13 they will I'm I'm want to talk to them about getting involved in something, cuz they'll take me to it.
Richelle Direny: Who your case manager.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What are what are some of your interests.
zachariah Giffin: Um,
zachariah Giffin: I don't know. I like music I like art, um,
zachariah Giffin: I did a flea market.
zachariah Giffin: What is something
Richelle Direny: Like consistently until you start my school quiz, you're not working right now. Right.
zachariah Giffin: No. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So what are some interest that you have
Richelle Direny: That doesn't
zachariah Giffin: Like work. Work type interest.
Richelle Direny: Know like I'm
Richelle Direny: Something that organization that you can get involved and you say you like art, you said you like music I'm talking about different things like organization that you can volunteer something can volunteer doing like some people who like animal
Richelle Direny: Shelter.
zachariah Giffin: I wouldn't mind volunteering. A few hours at the library.
zachariah Giffin: Like the help people with tutoring.
zachariah Giffin: Whatever they need tutor to
Richelle Direny: What about starting off with trying to apply for a volunteer volunteer work like assisting the librarian and then working your way up.
Richelle Direny: To the tutoring piece of it.
zachariah Giffin: If I you
zachariah Giffin: Know if I didn't have the internet at home. I would
Richelle Direny: But outside of that on your free time. So you go to the library often
zachariah Giffin: Though
Richelle Direny: No.
zachariah Giffin: No.
zachariah Giffin: You sell
zachariah Giffin: Things. I'll have
zachariah Giffin: I'll have the need, I don't have a reason to go to the library, um,
zachariah Giffin: But like
zachariah Giffin: I could put a paper up and have people sign up at the same one is like some one on one tutoring sessions.
zachariah Giffin: And, you know, go pick it up and
zachariah Giffin: Go from there. Oh.
zachariah Giffin: I haven't had a lot of time thinking about what you asked me like you're asking me on this, what
Richelle Direny: I'm asking you why.
zachariah Giffin: I said, You're asking me on the spot. So a lot of time to think about it. You know what I like my interests like what I would want to get involved with or, you know,
Richelle Direny: Something to think about. For our next session. So you can, you're not because a lot of your voices and you know you're in the house all day, you're not really doing a whole lot
Richelle Direny: About what sort of your, your interests are.
zachariah Giffin: I'll make a list of some stuff. And next time when we meet, we can go wrong.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: That's definitely because you know the the frequency in your admissions surrounding with the fact that there's not in business based on every time I speak with you.
Richelle Direny: There's not a whole lot of stuff to do. You're just pretty much isolated at home with no race simulation. Do you have friends that you hang out with
zachariah Giffin: I'm
zachariah Giffin: I was but like the people I live with. They don't want me hanging out with them and it's either. I have a roof over my head. Or I hang out with my friends.
zachariah Giffin: And I rather have a roof over my head.
Richelle Direny: So the people you live with. They seem to have a lot of opinions at what what you do. Are you renting a room from them, are they
zachariah Giffin: Oh, I'm I'm helping them and they're helping me
Richelle Direny: Are they friends or
zachariah Giffin: Is it like what I've been up since
zachariah Giffin: I've known him since I was 14 so
zachariah Giffin: Someone over 15 years
Richelle Direny: Arrogant Asian parents
zachariah Giffin: Was the
Richelle Direny: Something like surrogate parents
zachariah Giffin: Um,
zachariah Giffin: I wouldn't call them. Um, I met him when I was working a restaurant, and they had odd jobs and stuff for me to do, and we become friends and it
zachariah Giffin: Just grew and
zachariah Giffin: I'm
zachariah Giffin: But now, like this is only place I have this day so I have to go by the rules.
zachariah Giffin: I tried to get into the Timothy house, you know,
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, we kept me busy to to find a job and all that stuff I'd be doing every day.
zachariah Giffin: I couldn't hear you.
Richelle Direny: What do they do at the Timothy house. I know you said it's like a shelter, but I'm saying what
zachariah Giffin: Is it is very you get kicked out from 10am to 4:15pm
zachariah Giffin: And then, and
zachariah Giffin: During those times are supposed to be out looking for our job and
zachariah Giffin: Stuff like that.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but then you said that you would have been stimulated. So what's different. If they're telling you that you have to leave drop throughout the day.
zachariah Giffin: What's different is
zachariah Giffin: Where I live, I know I live way out in the country where there is nothing around and Timothy houses right in the town where there's all kinds of places around that you can get a job working in like walking distance like I'm going on here. I can't walk 30 miles to a job every day.
Richelle Direny: Also you that far away from
zachariah Giffin: Yeah well in the middle of nowhere.
Richelle Direny: How do you get from where you need to go to try
zachariah Giffin: Um, I would was but my car's broke down.
zachariah Giffin: These guys, they have cars, but soon as I buy a car which will my tax money and money I've saved up. I should have enough to get a car like a cheap one and I can go out and give me a job and get
zachariah Giffin: You know, get out there more
Richelle Direny: Well, how often do you meet with your case manager.
zachariah Giffin: I'm usually it's um we
zachariah Giffin: I just have hands when I go in there. If the doctor wants to see me bank in a month or a couple weeks.
zachariah Giffin: But if I'm needing the caseworker for stuff. What time there is a bunch of stuff that I do need the caseworker for to help me with.
zachariah Giffin: The case where girl come out to the house and pick me up and take me to these places that I've needed to to
Richelle Direny: Oh,
zachariah Giffin: I need like one thing I need to go to integrated services.
zachariah Giffin: To the Metropolitan housing and McConville
zachariah Giffin: Was that I need to do.
zachariah Giffin: Got heartburn. Sorry.
And again,
zachariah Giffin: I said I have heartburn. So, I'm sorry. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It seems like you're a case manager, um,
zachariah Giffin: Like I can't go to na meetings they can take me there, and doctors and
Richelle Direny: Have they've been taking
zachariah Giffin: Notes because I haven't got to me with the case manager yet. The last time I went to
zachariah Giffin: The
zachariah Giffin: Doctor's office I
zachariah Giffin: Had them refer me to get a case manager. So when I go in there on the 13th, I should meet my case manager.
zachariah Giffin: I haven't met him yet, or I've never had one. I don't know exactly. Everything I do do or don't do
zachariah Giffin: If, if I've already. I will go a measurements of I will have already been having them.
zachariah Giffin: Take me to places I need to go and stuff. I need to do.
zachariah Giffin: Hey, I once had the phone number one second. It's, I can go used about tomorrow.
zachariah Giffin: I didn't even realize I had them boxers on my shoulder.
zachariah Giffin: Did you see a pair of boxers my shoulders, the whole time.
Richelle Direny: No, I was just looking at your suit your shirt.
zachariah Giffin: Before I got on with you.
zachariah Giffin: I got some clean clothes out to take a shower and I had a pair of boxers laying over my shoulder and forgot about it.
Richelle Direny: Your own okay
Richelle Direny: All right.
Richelle Direny: So let us. Um, I mean, I really truly believe that you don't working with your case manager to help you to get, like, whether it's to volunteer.
Richelle Direny: Or just learn some and maybe we could start working on some life skills or what have you. I know, living you know in the middle of nowhere 30 miles away from the town.
Richelle Direny: Makes it very difficult not having a corporate you're saying you don't have a car right so you would have to rely on your case manager.
zachariah Giffin: Know that these guys I stay with they take me where I need to go to
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but if you go you do some
zachariah Giffin: Other stuff. But the other stuff like what we're talking about volunteering or getting involved in a group that would be something. It'd be better for the case manager to take me to then these guys.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So I think, you know, working with them to get you connected with that would be
Richelle Direny: Definitely
Richelle Direny: Something that
Richelle Direny: I believe would be beneficial for you.
Richelle Direny: So maybe you can talk to your case manager.
And can
Richelle Direny: I just believe that it would be. It was definitely very beneficial.
Richelle Direny: So when you, when do you meet with your case manager this week.
zachariah Giffin: On the 13th Thursday.
Richelle Direny: On Thursday.
Richelle Direny: So when we check in. I'm in. I'm looking at my calendar to see when is the next time that we can meet. Okay, so between now I
Richelle Direny: Want you to talk to your case manager about us, you know, assist you in getting involved, whether it's, you know, volunteering at the library. I'm helping you to go to a group outside group.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What time do you go to groups.
zachariah Giffin: 1030 in the morning.
zachariah Giffin: On Tuesdays.
zachariah Giffin: My regular time is NOON BUT I make one at 1030
Richelle Direny: On Tuesday or Wednesday.
zachariah Giffin: On Tuesdays.
Richelle Direny: We might have to because my
Richelle Direny: My slots are filled real quick. Today's Monday. Right.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Let's meet on the second March second
Richelle Direny: We usually meet on a Monday, Ryan.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Let's meet Mark second at six.
zachariah Giffin: All right.
Richelle Direny: You said your tie your regular time to me for group is known
zachariah Giffin: Um, yeah, but I've been going at 1030
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. Because my and for the rest of them. I'm completely booked so
Richelle Direny: Let us will meet on the second okay if you know
Six o'clock. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Yes. And we'll just have to each time that we meet, we'll just have to schedule. Our, our meetings according because my
zachariah Giffin: hopes up.
Richelle Direny: Let me ask you a dirt. Does, does the day time
Richelle Direny: Is it better to meet during a day.
zachariah Giffin: Probably. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so I'm going to start opening up some day sessions, but I'll let you know when I do that, okay.
Richelle Direny: All right.
Richelle Direny: All right, going back. So definitely, let's just think about
Richelle Direny: You know, what are some of your hobbies and interests.
zachariah Giffin: And
Richelle Direny: We'll talk more about that next week or the, what we need to get
Richelle Direny: All right then. Have a good one.
zachariah Giffin: Good night.